All right.
So we have created our very first base home bases here.
Now let's create one more base so that we have at least two base and then we're going to use end design
for styling because you can tell at the moment it's just plain, it doesn't have any sheer size.
So we're going to use and design scissors.
All right.
So let's create one with base inside.
Basically, let's create one more folder and let's call it.
And so.
Pretty soon we'll have the admin section where they will be a despot, which will be quite a lot of.
One of the main feature of the application.
So we can just individually think about that section as well.
So basis admin, internet admin for let's create a new file called Index.
Now another thing you will notice that entire basis for its name is important.
So whatever rights name you give to your file stat is important because now when you create this admin
folder and inside here when you have the index file, that means you will be able to visit this space
by going to less admin two pages.
Think of pages as the root and anything inside breeze's folder.
If you create any files with that name, that name will be
available.
You will be able to use that name in the URL to access that base.
I guess that's one of the beauty of next there's no inside here admin index.
So here, let's write another function.
Another component function has been written here.
It's written in div and here let's also write H1 and let's say admin page.
And let's make sure we export default and RSA now have to pace.
What is admin?
What is just a homepage?
So just the home base.
We could just visit laguna's 3000 and access that.
Now to access this admin base, we have to follow this naming convention.
You can see here PC's admin.
So that means we have to do PS+ and.
And there we have had many this is an incident of recently happened that no.
Admin pays admin bit.
Why is that playing?
No.
Adnan I think it was just translating fundamentally.
All right.
So that's how we can access the bases like that.
Now, if you had another file instead and we effectively admin slayers blogs, then whatever you write
in that file would be able to you would be able to access like s less and less blogs.
Now, you said this the way you write the naming convention center places folder is extremely important
because that will be treated as the you are in here as well.
So we've got two bases now.
Let's go ahead and try and design.
So let's go to and design website.
Click here to get started.
And down here we have this.
Come on.
So and beam and so and.
We have to run that command.
Let me stop this, sir.
Control C to cancel so you don't end PM in.
So you can type all in.
So you can just type.
I just keep it simple.
And then I and D so and that's how you in sum and and let's also install the and then see as I can set
as well, which will be using quite a lot.
So let me search for I can click you.
Click here to view the icons.
And here they show you how to insulate, conserve.
So we have to run these environments to add and design icons.
Let me copy that face to space.
So this way we can run to packages and and and design icons.
All right.
So this and desire and willing to input see this from the end design and that c assist should be applied
for the entire application.
At the moment we have to pace.
Later we will have many.
All right.
So that assist somehow has to be available for all the pace, not just the space, not just this space.
Okay.
So for something like that, there is another piece you can create and that is called Underscore at
dirtiest that we don't see here at the moment, but that is used by next year behind the scene.
So it's time anything is rendered before that.
And the app that is that would be rendered, I guess.
So anything you want to write there that will be available for the entire applications before the application
is served to the users, the cold in that file will run.
All right.
So that means in that file we want to import the C assist so that C assist is applied for the entire
application before users actually see any content from any other piece.
All right.
So it's come here.
It's done.
Installation is done.
So let me run the server again.
I'm going to use I've been known to have kids go to the previous command and NPM run div and hit and.
So the application is running.
Now, what do you want to do is create that amateur display.
Now that file is quite important.
So let me quickly show you the document, decent as well.
You can go to Nexis and here in the south, but you can type underscore at.
Not that one didn't just come here custom I guess to click on that one so you can read a bit more about
this file to next.
This uses this app component to initialize basis.
Before the pieces are rendered, they initialize.
This component is used so you can override it and control the base initialization, which allows you
to do some amazing things, like by assisting the layouts in the navigation state and a global C assist.
So this is what we are trying to do.
We want to add a global CCIS, so we want to import and design theses and put in this fight.
So this file you create like this one.
So this you can see this custom app component you create like that so you can copy this could come here
inside basis for recruiting new file underscore app dirties.
And then you just based here.
So basically it's a function.
It takes component and base props the properties as argument and it returns if there is any.
All right.
So you want to make sure to use export default my app.
So anything you write in this component will be used to initialize the controller base initialization.
So I assume let's add global thesis on next.
Sorry.
And so you can import the thesis from and using this framework.
So we use import community input and by default it will import from node modules.
So if you don't give a path like this, so from here, if you want to go one step, what you do like
that, if you want to go one more step or you do like that.
However, if you don't give the path, it will look straight into this full.
All right.
So we want to use the end design here.
And this, by the way, this is not recommended.
You do not need to get inside this node.
Much is full.
But I'm just saying you just so that you know how I'm importing.
Right.
And dist.
And dirty.
Is this the file I'm trying to import?
I guess.
However, you don't have to just take into this.
What it's for.
All right, so let's import.
And this dust and dirt.
See this?
All right.
So once we have the CDC's.
Let me double take.
Let me go to end.
Getting started.
Come down here.
I want to make sure I have imported the right way.
So import and dist and to lin copy then just to make sure we don't have any typos beautifully.
It's an all right so we import the end assist put in this file.
That's all.
We didn't have to do anything extra here.
So we can give it a try.
Now it's.
Come here.
Have a look at our file.
Let me just keep reload.
And you noticed a slight change in the front.
That's because now and since this has been already applied.
So you can see the overall since it's already there for good to home.
You can see the font looks a little different because the CCS is already working.
Now in the next lecture, let's try using some simple component from end design and see how that is
work.
For example, you can see here that we used did Peter.
In our case we can use something simple like maybe button.
We can try that in the next few.